The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" is an English-language
pangram – a sentence that contains all the letters of the alphabet.
The phrase is commonly used for touch-typing practice, testing typewriters and computer
keyboards, displaying examples of fonts, and other applications involving text where the use of all letters in the alphabet is desired.The earliest known appearance of the phrase was in The Boston Journal.
In an article titled "Current Notes" in the February 9, 1885, edition, the phrase is mentioned as a good practice sentence for writing students:
"A favorite copy set by writing teachers for their pupils is the following,
because it contains every letter of the alphabet: 'A quick brown fox
jumps over the lazy dog.'
Dozens of other newspapers published the phrase over the next few months, all using the version of the sentence starting with "A" rather than "The".
The earliest known use of the phrase starting with "The" is from the 1888 book Illustrative Shorthand by Linda Bronson.
A 1908 edition of the Los Angeles Herald Sunday Magazine records that when the New York Herald was equipping an office with typewriters "a few years ago"
, staff found that the common practice sentence of "now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party" did not familiarize typists with the entire alphabet,
and ran onto two lines in a newspaper column. They write that a staff member named Arthur F. Curtis invented the "quick brown fox" pangram to address this.[4]
As the use of typewriters grew in the late 19th century, the phrase began appearing in typing lesson books as a practice sentence.
Early examples include How to Become Expert in Typewriting: A Complete Instructor Designed
Especially for the Remington Typewriter (1890),[6] and Typewriting Instructor and Stenographer's Hand-book (1892).
By the turn of the 20th century, the phrase had become widely known. In the January 10, 1903,
issue of Pitman's Phonetic Journal, it is referred to as "the well known memorized typing line embracing all the letters of the alphabet".
Robert Baden-Powell's book Scouting for Boys (1908) uses the phrase as a practice sentence for signaling.
